feat: ai-content-moderation plugin (#11541)
apache/apisix: docs/en/latest/plugins/ai-content-moderation.md

| provider.aws_comprehend.endpoint          | No           | String   | AWS Comprehend service endpoint. Must match the pattern `^https?://`                                                                     |
| moderation_categories                     | No           | Object   | Configuration for moderation categories. Must be one of: PROFANITY, HATE_SPEECH, INSULT, HARASSMENT_OR_ABUSE, SEXUAL, VIOLENCE_OR_THREAT |
| toxicity_level                            | No           | Number   | Threshold for overall toxicity detection. Range: 0 - 1. Default: 0.5                                                                     |
| llm_provider                              | Yes          | String   | Name of the LLM provider that this route will proxy requests to.                                                                         |

## Example usage

Create a route with the `ai-content-moderation` and `ai-proxy` plugin like so:

```shell
curl "http://127.0.0.1:9180/apisix/admin/routes/1" -X PUT \
  -H "X-API-KEY: ${ADMIN_API_KEY}" \
  -d '{
    "uri": "/post",
    "plugins": {
      "ai-content-moderation": {
        "provider": {

>           "aws_comprehend": {

Reviewer: this plugin supports `aws_comprehend` as provider now, will it support different providers in the future?

Author: yes

Reviewer: I suggest: 

we add this in the document, 
We welcome developers to contribute this kind of features.

Author: done

---
title: ai-content-moderation
keywords:
  - Apache APISIX
  - API Gateway
  - Plugin
  - ai-content-moderation
description: This document contains information about the Apache APISIX ai-content-moderation Plugin.
---

<!--
#
# Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
# contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
# this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
# The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
# (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
# the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at
#
#     http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
#
# Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
# distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
# WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
# See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
# limitations under the License.
#
-->

## Description

The `ai-content-moderation` plugin processes the request body to check for toxicity and rejects the request if it exceeds the configured threshold.

> **_This plugin must be used in routes that proxy requests to LLMs only._**

Reviewer 2: Just routes? no services?

Or do you just want to stress the upstream should be LLM providers.

Author: > Or do you just want to stress the upstream should be LLM providers.

this.

Reviewer 2: In that case I actually think this sentence is redundant. how about just mention `It is used when integrating with LLMs.` in the paragraph above?

> **_As of now only the AWS Comprehend service is supported for content moderation, PRs for introducing support for other service providers are welcome._**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**_As of now, the plugin only supports the integration with [AWS Comprehend](https://aws.amazon.com/comprehend/) for content moderation. PRs for introducing support for other service providers are welcomed._**
```

| ----------------------------------------- | ------------ | -------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| provider.aws_comprehend.access_key_id     | Yes          | String   | AWS access key ID                                                                                                                        |
| provider.aws_comprehend.secret_access_key | Yes          | String   | AWS secret access key                                                                                                                    |
| provider.aws_comprehend.region            | Yes          | String   | AWS region                                                                                                                               |
| provider.aws_comprehend.endpoint          | No           | String   | AWS Comprehend service endpoint. Must match the pattern `^https?://`                                                                     |

> | moderation_categories                     | No           | Object   | Configuration for moderation categories. Must be one of: PROFANITY, HATE_SPEECH, INSULT, HARASSMENT_OR_ABUSE, SEXUAL, VIOLENCE_OR_THREAT |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| moderation_categories                     | No           | Object   | Key-value pairs of moderation category and their score. In each pair, the key should be one of the `PROFANITY`, `HATE_SPEECH`, `INSULT`, `HARASSMENT_OR_ABUSE`, `SEXUAL`, or `VIOLENCE_OR_THREAT`; and the value should be between 0 and 1 inclusive. |
```

> | toxicity_level                            | No           | Number   | Threshold for overall toxicity detection. Range: 0 - 1. Default: 0.5                                                                     |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| toxicity_level                            | No           | Number   | The degree to which content is harmful, offensive, or inappropriate. A higher value indicates more toxic content allowed. Range: 0 - 1. Default: 0.5                                                                     |
```

curl "http://127.0.0.1:9180/apisix/admin/routes/1" -X PUT \
  -H "X-API-KEY: ${ADMIN_API_KEY}" \
  -d '{
    "uri": "/post",
    "plugins": {
      "ai-content-moderation": {
        "provider": {
          "aws_comprehend": {
            "access_key_id": "some_access_key",
            "secret_access_key": "some_secret_key",
            "region": "us-east-1"
          }
        },
        "moderation_categories": {
          "PROFANITY": 0.5
        },
        "llm_provider": "openai"
      },
      "ai-proxy": {
        "auth": {
          "header": {
            "Authorization": "Bearer token"
          }
        },
        "model": {
          "provider": "openai",
          "name": "gpt-4",
          "options": {
            "max_tokens": 512,
            "temperature": 1.0
          }
        }
      }
    },
    "upstream": {
      "type": "roundrobin",
      "nodes": {
        "httpbin.org:80": 1
      }
    }
  }'
```

The `ai-proxy` plugin is used here as it simplifies access to LLMs. However, you may configure the LLM in the upstream configuration as well.

Now send a request:

```shell
curl http://127.0.0.1:9080/post -i -XPOST  -H 'Content-Type: application/json' -d '{

>   "info": "<some very seriously profane message>"

Reviewer 2: Is this a dummy? Shouldn't the format to OpenAI be something like this?

```
    "messages": [
      { "role": "system", "content": "system prompt goes here" },
      { "role": "user", "content": "user prompts" }
    ]
```

}'
```

Then the request will be blocked with error like this:

```text
HTTP/1.1 400 Bad Request
Date: Fri, 30 Aug 2024 11:21:21 GMT
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=utf-8
Transfer-Encoding: chunked
Connection: keep-alive
Server: APISIX/3.10.0

request body exceeds toxicity threshold
```

> Send a request with normal request body:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Send a request with compliant content in the request body:
```

```shell

> curl http://127.0.0.1:9080/post -i -XPOST  -H 'Content-Type: application/json' -d 'APISIX is wonderful'

Reviewer 2: The opening paragraph says `This plugin must be used in routes that proxy requests to LLMs only` yet the example does not involve proxying to LLM. It feels a bit self-conflicting.

The example demonstrates exactly the integration could be used for checking requests NOT proxying to LLM.
